well then that's everyone that's Auxerre
and today we find ourselves for a
new video on which russia
blackhawks 2 so as you had to the
see I propose this video to coast that
i have and cf codes of strings
super cool community so I
will put the link of their strings in
registration is so I think the
subject and gameplay are enough
attractive to pass on this chain
so that's why I offer them
so yes so let's talk about the gameplay
introducing the gameplay first so
it is a demolition of cargo by
twinner so a guy from my team this is a
nuclear attempt so I you do not you
say no more if they want to succeed or
not I'm just telling you he's going to make a
good big score but after I do not tell you
not if he will be loaned one who the
sells or even 20 universe that he I do not
do not say I let you guess appreciated
the gameplay that is I think
good enough on one of his best
gameplay finally have maybe not it's
not his best score but it's one of
these miners gameplay so because now
I will rather talk to you about my subject
so who I think is pretty interesting
who will you probably do us
reflect
so the subject is the following
goals a franchise that becomes of
more and more mediatized so among others
I will tell you about the evolution of
call of duty and other little things
and I will let you think about this
subject so I think you have it
noticed right now since black ops 2
we receive an avalanche of trailer so
we had in-game trailers
hirel thrillers so I do not know if
that shocks you
but personally I find that
treyarch offers us a lot of
trailer is so I think the goal
to have that to acquire the
player satisfaction call of duty
is the second goal finally I do not know if
this is the second goal where the goal
principal is of course to harvest
money so among other things we can say
that call of duty a wad the skull
excuse me for that term but I have not
found more more more softer we are going
to say to say what I think so
we had trailer bedding yesterday she
before his release to help him trailer the
campaign the zombie voters for
each map
we are from the trailer of the multi we had two
conducted two very long multichoices we have
had some trailer a little bit in the
global call of duty have bequeathed trailer
dlc
the irl brothers dlc so I'm going to you
speak first to a little more dlc on
do not remember that on mw3 excuse me
to confront these two games that do not
do not look like at all a little
not very much
we will say that call of duty is a
little bit repetitive but good why
we 're not going to start debating there
above
so I settled in blue 3 we are
as many dlc I do not remember known
too much dlc rl i do not remember having
seen too much of dlc for each map
dlc and so I tell myself that these
questions what life ghost and will have
even more and that it does not follow that
it makes me a little scared to see that
we have more and more dlc already sure I
you speak a little bit of love and 2
nothing is not a lot of help from
thrillers at the same time as youtube
was not very well known a tube that it has
began to evolve from black up
franck
so here I am playing line to be like that
but hey I do not really know
that we are maybe less two dlc
but there since since since dishes
as you really have a lot
a lot a lot and I 'm not saying
that to denigrate me because after the
maps of the del sol are really great and
malema prison bush simply
huge
but hey it's true that ben that I
find that there is really still
really a lot of trailer and that it
can it finally shock us
personally it shocked me so I
invite you first told a small
little the trailer name that is on the
common to me I have no time to
count but I think she really
a lot in my head the agent I think
France she really has a lot
and so I invite you to count them
masters the number of women in the
comments no I'm kidding you have
not to find all the traits of all
the trailer but well here I say no I
do not say that to be mean but I
think traders are the main
idea of calvi to raise money
because now I'm going back a little
more in the details and you talk about
weapon camouflage paying on this new
opus
so as you must have noticed
had paid camouflage so I
find it already completely a little bit
seedy
to charge for camouflage one by one
montea limits already make pay for
camouflage
it's a little bit you can not nice and
a parent and camouflage ah yes of
camouflage and directx camouflage and
setbacks parent paid a lot
camouflage +3 ridiculous more there is
nine like that so that's still a
little bit to raise money
and personally I bought and that
walk finally I do not know me I I
I had been told that I was not going to buy them
and finally I bought them and is
in fact I tell myself that I'm not the
alone as in the beech to be in this
case I saw particular big tubes
hours buy them a time it's
normal because he wants to do it
discover a little bit to their subscribers
downloadable content
but I think it's a small
little grotesque and charge of
camouflage one by one and the worst it's
to make trailers for again if
never have we missed that which is what puts me
already a message to the home but a
trailer for what we still want
to buy his camouflage and that's
ridiculous
and here I find it a little bit a
little stupid
finally personally I have been
stupid by buying them on Thursday you say
I do not say that you too have
bought you are stupid because
maybe you use them more than
me I was almost never I
say I spent 5 euros while 5
Euro tell you you is that it's going slab
5 euros but hey it's still already
a certain amount of money that not everything
the world can afford to have everything
the time and that's it and I think and I
think with everything all the money
all all the camouflages
that they have during they said really
make a lot of money
I think I do not have how many players
who the call of duty but maybe well
the third maybe I'm finally
now maybe not the shot the
5th tile who had to buy his
camouflage and it's still
really really a lot of people
who had to buy his camouflage and that
still makes them a lot of money but
good at the same time they do not deserve they
make good games anyway
personally but hey I think it's
a little bit of abuse to finish i'll you
invite to think about all that I
want to tell you
I hope that like in tariff you liked
and so the gameplay will soon come to an end
I invite you to put a I like on the
video and about the lives of others
co-accused if I pass on the subject if
you really did not like the
comment and subject
the gameplay I invite you to go
put a record but on my channel
because i do not think qg code
emeritus or dislike been Kotcheff Méritein
with the good videos that we
choose and so here is go on
my channel I prefer that you go
put a live on my channel so the
video the video and soon be completed whose
I will talk to you a little bit about
matches and so I propose on the chain
videos on call of duty
comments he on halo also on the
law and so it's only on xbox and
pc
so it can be nice for the players
ps3 who do not know too much and so
here I hope this as a foolish you
pleased and I do not hope that
did I open my eyes to
all I want to say
I hope you already noticed
in advance so it's a little bit
weird like as conclusion to say
I hope I have taught you nothing
but hey I hope you already have a
little bit of an idea
wow m we're worth a lot of this trailer
and we have the impression that there is everything
in videos to buy for
I buy here is not someone
studio mode so you put a little
street capron idle and thank you all after
videos and his request